RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent docs (#44069)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcpeerconnectioniceerrorevent/url/index.md

---
title: "RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent: url property"
short-title: url
slug: Web/API/RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent/url
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent.url
---

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The **`url`** property of the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent")}} interface is a string which indicates the URL of the {{Glossary("STUN")}} or {{Glossary("TURN")}} server with which the error occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`url`** property of the {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent")}} interface is a string indicating the URL of the {{Glossary("STUN")}} or {{Glossary("TURN")}} server with which the error occurred.
```

## Value

> A string which indicates the URL of the ICE server with which negotiations were occurring when the error occurred.

Reviewer: Maybe just "A string"? You already said this stuff above.

Author: ```suggestion
A string.
```

## Examples

### Basic usage

> This example creates a handler for {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.icecandidateerror_event", "icecandidateerror")}} events which creates human-readable messages describing the local network interface for the connection as well as the ICE server that was being used to try to open the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a handler for {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.icecandidateerror_event", "icecandidateerror")}} events, which creates human-readable messages describing the local network interface for the connection and the ICE server that was being used to try to open the connection.
```

> It then calls a function to display the messages as well as the event's {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent.errorText", "errorText")}} property's contents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It then calls a function to display the messages and the event's {{domxref("RTCPeerConnectionIceErrorEvent.errorText", "errorText")}}.
```

```js
pc.addEventListener("icecandidateerror", (event) => {
  let networkInfo = `[Local interface: ${event.address}:${event.port}]`;

>   let iceServerInfo = `[ICE server: ${event.url}]`;

Author: ```suggestion
  const networkInfo = `[Local interface: ${event.address}:${event.port}]`;
  const iceServerInfo = `[ICE server: ${event.url}]`;
```
